README.md, before:

[![CodeFactor](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/earthernsence/golden-years/badge?s=038735a38ac19c3b42bd549c2e53e3d07460c8b1)](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/earthernsence/golden-years)

# Golden Years

Hello and welcome to the **Golden Years** GitHub repository. Our website can be found [here](https://golden-years.vercel.app/).

We are a school club founded by Carissa Choi and Sydney Lewis, dedicated to creating volunteer opportunities for students in the Greater St. Louis area at memory care facilities, helping to bridge the gap between the younger and older generations. Often hosting various events at these facilities, our large student base gets the chance to connect with people therein. You can visit our [about page](https://golden-years.vercel.app/about_us) for more information.

This website is developed by Jace Royer, whose GitHub can be found [here](https://github.com/earthernsence).

# Code

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app). We use Typescript React and Convex as our database. 

If you are interested in contributing to the Golden Years website, please contact the developer.

# Thanks to
- __Carissa Choi and Sydney Lewis__ for opening the opportunity up for the creation of this website. This club is doing tremendous work in the area and being able to work alongside it has been a joy.
- The __Golden Years Executive Team__ for being open to any and all ideas and acting as a guinea pig in many features.

Commit message:

feat: add Trello page to readme

README.md, after:

[![CodeFactor](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/earthernsence/golden-years/badge?s=038735a38ac19c3b42bd549c2e53e3d07460c8b1)](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/earthernsence/golden-years)

# Golden Years

Hello and welcome to the **Golden Years** GitHub repository. Our website can be found [here](https://golden-years.vercel.app/).

We are a school club founded by Carissa Choi and Sydney Lewis, dedicated to creating volunteer opportunities for students in the Greater St. Louis area at memory care facilities, helping to bridge the gap between the younger and older generations. Often hosting various events at these facilities, our large student base gets the chance to connect with people therein. You can visit our [about page](https://golden-years.vercel.app/about_us) for more information.

This website is developed by Jace Royer, whose GitHub can be found [here](https://github.com/earthernsence).

You can follow along with development progress at our [Trello page](https://trello.com/b/rkHymHZE/golden-years-development).

# Code

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app). We use Typescript React and Convex as our database. 

If you are interested in contributing to the Golden Years website, please contact the developer.

# Thanks to
- __Carissa Choi and Sydney Lewis__ for opening the opportunity up for the creation of this website. This club is doing tremendous work in the area and being able to work alongside it has been a joy.
- The __Golden Years Executive Team__ for being open to any and all ideas and acting as a guinea pig in many features.
